...the proprietary measures in...
[Inaudible speech.]
On a particular background, what would it be like to create that background in the Senate for one or another?
...begin to come together.
[Inaudible speech.]
I think the wonder of
The wonder for one that is the line of truth, which may be the truth.
And I pray for you to be part of the path of your heart.
That's how I'd like to see you.
I didn't mean 45 minutes of treatment.
You wouldn't mean anything.
In the country, an anniversary of the earth. ...All over, this year. There's a homily in
To you, and to you.
On the grave, no name, no place for the day of death.
I continue to move the cross of the communion.
I see a marker like a fairy of a hat.
And the word that you need, you are here in the name.
Unfortunately, I want you to be here, I see the greater
There are others that should be read.
I'm not admitting tonight with the whole section of the floor.
This was the book he gave me under his life.
He told me I'll give the life to another great season.
I don't like to fight, fight, face
I can't define you as I am, but only should I say farewell.
The great lame troubles come to my house.
I can't believe that you are.
All of you who are sick and who are sick.
Thank you.
What can I do with this?
I do know what I do.
I only do so.
And this is what I do.
So if I am, I will be with you.
I will be with you.
The most few of you, the most important world in fact, is the man of struggle in the history of history and history of life.
How the day's work is done, I collect it.
The other plots are told, I'm going to be so, we know that I will be more than a book.
I love you, and all of you, and all of you, and all of you.
God, you can't.
I don't know why my time is good.
You can't.
I don't know if I need you.
I think I need a chance.
Find it.
Spread it.
[Inaudible speech.]
All right, Nick, should we go for a few minutes?
All right.
I could not then read them.
And they were not yet many of the poets the writer might speak of.
The writers I read then were some of them.
I love them because they couldn't remove them.
They couldn't let a marriage go past them anymore.
I love them because they seem to me so much.
I need to talk to the writers about these classics.
So many readers want to say that I really love that movie.
Boy, there's so many in the future.
I hope those nations will learn more than this.
[Inaudible speech.]
Do you ever have writing down unless you do, to overcome it?
Thank you.
I have days when I resist the action of going on in my life, but I cannot have an extra piece of it.
an extra glass of juice, an extra cup of coffee, I'll leave a paper, I'll fall.
On those days when all was failed to be, I had even, I had even a small fall in my life.
So you say, how petty, how small, how endless, I am, and it's true, I am just so desperate not to go into my life.
Yet, when you finally owe to it, when you could pick up over a period of time some rhythm of work, then sometimes, as happens when you are deep in the life of the book, all of this things transpires, as if the life of the book takes forever over your whole life.
The writing does not write itself.
You still labor in living.
One of the things then is that somehow or other the work that comes home seems guided by your strength and the vision greater than your life.
Another poet once said, I held in those moments that you are creating God's invitation.
And the writing goes with a great strength and a great power.
And I know the line comes to me from an old Greek tragedy then, that the writer might feel in that moment.
When, in the tragedy, the line goes, still their spirit will begin.
And I think, having experienced a moment, when I come to a moment, when I come to a period of time where I think I'm going to remember the moment, I'm going to remember the beauty of a moment, and I'm seeking to struggle back for some blessed man to remember the moment.
That sense of vision, of the magic.
The magical way I solve that block is the whole story of that.
Writers do many different things.
They go through little rituals.
They have writers, they sharpen the pencils.
I have new writers here tonight to be in the state of the city.
what the engage might say in response to what you want.
Everybody needs this as we call it.
Have you ever thought of doing work for stage or television?
I've done some writing.
I made the journey of so many writers in Hollywood.
I stayed a couple of years.
I actually made one of my books at Woodville.
And it's all right.
One has to come to an understanding that writing for play, for a student play,
or something for the stage or television.
These are separate parts of the art of the novel.
So those things I have, you cannot write novels.
Those novels you cannot write.
They play.
I intend to feel closer to me.
Thank you.
exciting films made by God.
And regardless of what your experiences have been in the past, still there is always the possibility of the tools established and talents that one can lead to the stunning transitions of God.
So the answer I suppose would be, I don't have to rule work at it, but I will continue.
Professor Jacques, if you were supposed to do so, do you send an urge about taking cell marks as your funny cell marks?
The question is about Stelmark, whether I feel any urge of the Stelmark that I read to a brief copy from.
These are autobiographical fragments.
I wrote them a number of years ago.
It did not appeal to yet.
I have my own here so I can look back over my life.
and write full-fledged of art, but I did write frightens on it.
And yes, there are passages I think I would like to add that the older I become, the more I see aspects of my life changing.
Though it's like the light in the comfort side and given moment as the light descends,
different areas of the landscape are revealed.
And as we grow, I think, older, different areas of our past experience come to a different shape, come to a different life experience.
And I would like not only to add things to the Stealth Park, but I would like to rewrite experiences in the Stealth Park that I see now from the added vantage point of another decade or 20 years have changed.
You know, the writer has it as the greatest source of release, all of the experience, the illness, the cold, the cold, the death, the cold, the cold, the most uncertain, tragedies, or sorrow, and online.
And yet the writer has the opportunity to see, by writing about it, to be calmly softened, demonized, and eternal life.
And by these people who write a bit, you are able to wait and actually continue to a great little portion of order.
Writers very rarely begin with solutions.
They begin with problems.
They begin with dilemmas.
And the writing is the process of unraveling and exploring and exploiting that question.
So that means,
[Inaudible speech.]
But I've been on stage for so many years now, and I do it in relation to the writing.
I, as a boy, in, again, the same area of school, acted in the Greek tragedy, like the preon and the rest of us.
I think it made it clunk.
I think I would have gone, I would have loved to gone into acting, if I have not been by the series of curious events, if I have not been in life.
But the affordability remains.
And what has happened is that true life leaves us.
I think there is the other aspect that is important for me too is that my father was a priest and growing up in the Orthodox Church and the memory of the night of the Ascension.
There was a feeling about that, of course, there of the original faith, but there is a certain, there is a certain tendency to be on stage in that whole truth of the original part of that.
I loved it, and I think the wisdom of that have come into my work.
And for a while, I thought and contemplated with the possibility to come into it.
I wanted that.
My father wanted one of his sons to be
There have been one in the family for several generations behind.
For one or another reason, by the end of this life, we were grateful we had not.
And yet, long after the death of a thousand times when I go to college for a congregation of four of the seven years, when I ascend to the chapel, I look down for the audience.
Then the top of Boston, I thought,
Like a back door in some way behind me.
So in a way, I am fortunate many writers who are fine writers, as you say, do not have their presence.
one talent has nothing to do with the other.
But because I am able to vote, I then have that same pleasure of speaking before the line audience and getting the music reaction.
You know, when I say that the actor has, again, I remain also for most of the time a writer in the voice that I'm married.
Does it help me in my writing?
Well, I remember the warmth of an audience and wish sometimes that I have an audience with me as I go.
I think to some degree it probably has helped.
I think testing certain pieces of writing, not an audience, you get at least an audience reaction.
And the rhythms of the writing are very important.
So for me, the spoken rhythm of voice is important.
I read all my work out loud as I'm writing it too.
So I'm not only testing against the eye, but testing against the eye.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.